docs/Items.md, before:

# Items
Items are NFTs on Kadena.  
They can be equipped to a Bod, and if a Bod is sold or transferred, the items will go with that Bod.  
When items are equipped to a Bod, the image of that Bod is updated to reflect that.

There are two kinds of Items:  

- Original
- Copy

Original Items are those that come with a DadBod NFT. They are slightly different visually from the copied version. Copied Items are those purchased from the shop in game. 

## Gameplay
As of right now, Items have no impact on stats within the game.

## Utility
Items function similary to DadBods, but because there are less of them, the funds are split up among fewer people.  
In the item shop in game, people can purchase items for their Bod.  
Each time an item is purchased, the 20% of the funds are split up among the owners of that Item.  

Example: 

- There are 5 blue trench coats
- Someone buys a blue trench coat for their Bod for 1 KDA
- 20% of the purchase is split up among the 5 owners
- Each owner gets `0.2 / 5 = 0.04 KDA`

Commit message:

Fleshed out dadbod gameplay docs. Still need more details, but things are in coming together.

docs/Items.md, after:

# Items
Items are NFTs on Kadena.  
They can be equipped to a Bod, and if a Bod is sold or transferred, the items will go with that Bod.  
When items are equipped to a Bod, the image of that Bod is updated to reflect that.

There are two kinds of Items:  

- Original
- Copy

Original Items are those that come with a DadBod NFT. They are slightly different visually from the copied version. Copied Items are those purchased from the shop in game. 

## Gameplay
As of right now, Items have no impact on stats within the game.

## The DadBod Shop
Items can be purchased from the in game shop using crypto.  
We are still working out the details on this.  

## Utility
Items function similary to DadBods, but because there are less of them, the funds are split up among fewer people.  
In the item shop in game, people can purchase items for their Bod.  
Each time an item is purchased, the 20% of the funds are split up among the owners of that Item.  

Example: 

- There are 5 blue trench coats
- Someone buys a blue trench coat for their Bod for 1 KDA
- 20% of the purchase is split up among the 5 owners
- Each owner gets `0.2 / 5 = 0.04 KDA`
